Link to LFortran WASM compiler #46 (#134)
fortran-lang/webpage: source/compilers.md

[LFortran](https://lfortran.org) is a modern, interactive, LLVM-based Fortran
compiler.

> Also available online at [dev.lfortran.org](https://dev.lfortran.org/) using a statically served, WASM based LFortran Compiler for running code in web browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also available online at [dev.lfortran.org](https://dev.lfortran.org/) using a statically served, WASM based LFortran Compiler for running code in web browsers.
```

[LFortran](https://lfortran.org) is a modern, interactive, LLVM-based Fortran
compiler.

> 
> [LFortran WASM Compiler](https://dev.lfortran.org/) is a statically served, WASM based LFortran Compiler for running the code in the web browsers.
> 

Reviewer 2: How about connecting it with the previous item, something like this:
```suggestion
Also available online at [dev.lfortran.org](https://dev.lfortran.org/) using a statically served, WASM based LFortran Compiler for running code in web browsers.
```

Author: Thanks sir.
